So
I would like to ask Mr. Chu a favor
The formula that helped me fight off global entertainment
As compensation
I Skylark International
I will also spare no effort to send Mr. Chu
Hold the position on the top floor
I have no connections
No funds
Three without background
How can I help you?
As long as you can get a positive expression
Global entertainment has no opportunity to enter the country
Five years ago.
Xu Ruotian brings the assets of global entertainment
Want to burn fat for the domestic market
Yes, he saw his wolf ambition at a glance
Using powerful operational means to bring global entertainment
Blocked out of the country
Now Xu Ruotian wants to make a comeback
I thought Mr. Fan knew about it.
Won't sit idly by
You may have the wrong person
I don't know this legendary rising star
At the finals
Where will be announced to pay
Although he has been indifferent to fame and fortune all his life
But it's harder for ordinary people to see him than to go to the sky
But he is a pure musician
Often for singers with a lot of money
Another eye
If Mr. Chu can stand out in the finals
Then we have a chance to get close to Van
How can you be so sure?
I can win